[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:56:45,690][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:56:45,697][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:56:45,702][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:56:45,706][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:56:45,711][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:56:45,714][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:56:45,718][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:56:45,725][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:56:45,729][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:56:45,734][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:56:45,738][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:56:45,741][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:56:45,744][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:56:45,748][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:56:45,752][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:56:45,757][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:56:45,759][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:56:45,762][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:56:45,764][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:56:45,766][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:56:45,769][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:56:45,772][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:56:45,774][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:56:45,777][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:56:45,779][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:56:45,785][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:56:45,788][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:56:45,791][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:56:45,793][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:56:45,796][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:56:45,800][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:57:15,804][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:57:46,200][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:16,208][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:19,379][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:19,386][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:19,392][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:19,396][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:19,400][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:19,404][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:19,407][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:19,414][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:19,418][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:19,422][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:19,426][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:19,429][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:19,432][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:19,435][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:19,438][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:19,443][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:19,446][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor12.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:19,449][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor12.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:19,452][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor12.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:19,454][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor12.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:19,457][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor12.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:19,459][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor12.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:19,462][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor12.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:19,465][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor12.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:19,470][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor12.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:19,474][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor12.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:19,478][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor12.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:19,480][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor12.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:19,483][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor12.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:19,486][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor12.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:19,488][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor12.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:46,198][org.hibernate.tool.hbm2ddl.SchemaUpdate]HHH000319: Could not get database metadata
com.alibaba.druid.pool.GetConnectionTimeoutException: wait millis 60001, active 0
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource.getConnectionInternal(DruidDataSource.java:1071)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource.getConnectionDirect(DruidDataSource.java:898)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.dataSource_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:4534)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.dataSource_getConnection(StatFilter.java:661)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.dataSource_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:4530)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource.getConnection(DruidDataSource.java:880)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource.getConnection(DruidDataSource.java:872)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource.getConnection(DruidDataSource.java:97)
	at org.hibernate.service.jdbc.connections.internal.DatasourceConnectionProviderImpl.getConnection(DatasourceConnectionProviderImpl.java:141)
	at org.hibernate.tool.hbm2ddl.SuppliedConnectionProviderConnectionHelper.prepare(SuppliedConnectionProviderConnectionHelper.java:51)
	at org.hibernate.tool.hbm2ddl.SchemaUpdate.execute(SchemaUpdate.java:194)
	at org.hibernate.tool.hbm2ddl.SchemaUpdate.execute(SchemaUpdate.java:178)
	at org.hibernate.internal.SessionFactoryImpl.<init>(SessionFactoryImpl.java:506)
	at org.hibernate.cfg.Configuration.buildSessionFactory(Configuration.java:1790)
	at org.hibernate.cfg.Configuration.buildSessionFactory(Configuration.java:1861)
	at org.springframework.orm.hibernate4.LocalSessionFactoryBuilder.buildSessionFactory(LocalSessionFactoryBuilder.java:247)
	at org.springframework.orm.hibernate4.LocalSessionFactoryBean.buildSessionFactory(LocalSessionFactoryBean.java:373)
	at org.springframework.orm.hibernate4.LocalSessionFactoryBean.afterPropertiesSet(LocalSessionFactoryBean.java:358)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.invokeInitMethods(AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.java:1541)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.initializeBean(AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.java:1479)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.doCreateBean(AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.java:521)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.createBean(AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.java:458)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractBeanFactory$1.getObject(AbstractBeanFactory.java:295)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefaultSingletonBeanRegistry.getSingleton(DefaultSingletonBeanRegistry.java:223)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractBeanFactory.doGetBean(AbstractBeanFactory.java:292)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractBeanFactory.getBean(AbstractBeanFactory.java:194)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefaultListableBeanFactory.findAutowireCandidates(DefaultListableBeanFactory.java:912)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefaultListableBeanFactory.doResolveDependency(DefaultListableBeanFactory.java:855)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefaultListableBeanFactory.resolveDependency(DefaultListableBeanFactory.java:770)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessor$AutowiredFieldElement.inject(AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessor.java:486)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectionMetadata.inject(InjectionMetadata.java:87)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessor.postProcessPropertyValues(AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessor.java:285)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.populateBean(AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.java:1116)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.doCreateBean(AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.java:519)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.createBean(AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.java:458)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractBeanFactory$1.getObject(AbstractBeanFactory.java:295)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefaultSingletonBeanRegistry.getSingleton(DefaultSingletonBeanRegistry.java:223)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractBeanFactory.doGetBean(AbstractBeanFactory.java:292)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractBeanFactory.getBean(AbstractBeanFactory.java:194)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefaultListableBeanFactory.preInstantiateSingletons(DefaultListableBeanFactory.java:628)
	at org.springframework.context.support.AbstractApplicationContext.finishBeanFactoryInitialization(AbstractApplicationContext.java:932)
	at org.springframework.context.support.AbstractApplicationContext.refresh(AbstractApplicationContext.java:479)
	at org.springframework.test.context.support.AbstractGenericContextLoader.loadContext(AbstractGenericContextLoader.java:120)
	at org.springframework.test.context.support.AbstractGenericContextLoader.loadContext(AbstractGenericContextLoader.java:60)
	at org.springframework.test.context.support.AbstractDelegatingSmartContextLoader.delegateLoading(AbstractDelegatingSmartContextLoader.java:100)
	at org.springframework.test.context.support.AbstractDelegatingSmartContextLoader.loadContext(AbstractDelegatingSmartContextLoader.java:248)
	at org.springframework.test.context.CacheAwareContextLoaderDelegate.loadContextInternal(CacheAwareContextLoaderDelegate.java:64)
	at org.springframework.test.context.CacheAwareContextLoaderDelegate.loadContext(CacheAwareContextLoaderDelegate.java:91)
	at org.springframework.test.context.TestContext.getApplicationContext(TestContext.java:122)
	at org.springframework.test.context.web.ServletTestExecutionListener.setUpRequestContextIfNecessary(ServletTestExecutionListener.java:105)
	at org.springframework.test.context.web.ServletTestExecutionListener.prepareTestInstance(ServletTestExecutionListener.java:74)
	at org.springframework.test.context.TestContextManager.prepareTestInstance(TestContextManager.java:312)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.createTest(SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.java:211)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.SpringJUnit4ClassRunner$1.runReflectiveCall(SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.methodBlock(SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.java:284)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.java:231)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.java:88)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.statements.RunBeforeTestClassCallbacks.evaluate(RunBeforeTestClassCallbacks.java:61)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.statements.RunAfterTestClassCallbacks.evaluate(RunAfterTestClassCallbacks.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.run(SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.java:174)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.execute(JUnit4Provider.java:252)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.executeTestSet(JUnit4Provider.java:141)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.invoke(JUnit4Provider.java:112)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:606)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.util.ReflectionUtils.invokeMethodWithArray(ReflectionUtils.java:189)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory$ProviderProxy.invoke(ProviderFactory.java:165)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory.invokeProvider(ProviderFactory.java:85)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ForkedBooter.runSuitesInProcess(ForkedBooter.java:115)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ForkedBooter.main(ForkedBooter.java:75)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:46,204][org.hibernate.tool.hbm2ddl.SchemaUpdate]HHH000299: Could not complete schema update
com.alibaba.druid.pool.GetConnectionTimeoutException: wait millis 60001, active 0
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource.getConnectionInternal(DruidDataSource.java:1071)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource.getConnectionDirect(DruidDataSource.java:898)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.dataSource_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:4534)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.dataSource_getConnection(StatFilter.java:661)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.dataSource_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:4530)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource.getConnection(DruidDataSource.java:880)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource.getConnection(DruidDataSource.java:872)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource.getConnection(DruidDataSource.java:97)
	at org.hibernate.service.jdbc.connections.internal.DatasourceConnectionProviderImpl.getConnection(DatasourceConnectionProviderImpl.java:141)
	at org.hibernate.tool.hbm2ddl.SuppliedConnectionProviderConnectionHelper.prepare(SuppliedConnectionProviderConnectionHelper.java:51)
	at org.hibernate.tool.hbm2ddl.SchemaUpdate.execute(SchemaUpdate.java:194)
	at org.hibernate.tool.hbm2ddl.SchemaUpdate.execute(SchemaUpdate.java:178)
	at org.hibernate.internal.SessionFactoryImpl.<init>(SessionFactoryImpl.java:506)
	at org.hibernate.cfg.Configuration.buildSessionFactory(Configuration.java:1790)
	at org.hibernate.cfg.Configuration.buildSessionFactory(Configuration.java:1861)
	at org.springframework.orm.hibernate4.LocalSessionFactoryBuilder.buildSessionFactory(LocalSessionFactoryBuilder.java:247)
	at org.springframework.orm.hibernate4.LocalSessionFactoryBean.buildSessionFactory(LocalSessionFactoryBean.java:373)
	at org.springframework.orm.hibernate4.LocalSessionFactoryBean.afterPropertiesSet(LocalSessionFactoryBean.java:358)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.invokeInitMethods(AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.java:1541)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.initializeBean(AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.java:1479)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.doCreateBean(AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.java:521)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.createBean(AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.java:458)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractBeanFactory$1.getObject(AbstractBeanFactory.java:295)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefaultSingletonBeanRegistry.getSingleton(DefaultSingletonBeanRegistry.java:223)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractBeanFactory.doGetBean(AbstractBeanFactory.java:292)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractBeanFactory.getBean(AbstractBeanFactory.java:194)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefaultListableBeanFactory.findAutowireCandidates(DefaultListableBeanFactory.java:912)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefaultListableBeanFactory.doResolveDependency(DefaultListableBeanFactory.java:855)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefaultListableBeanFactory.resolveDependency(DefaultListableBeanFactory.java:770)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessor$AutowiredFieldElement.inject(AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessor.java:486)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectionMetadata.inject(InjectionMetadata.java:87)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessor.postProcessPropertyValues(AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessor.java:285)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.populateBean(AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.java:1116)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.doCreateBean(AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.java:519)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.createBean(AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.java:458)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractBeanFactory$1.getObject(AbstractBeanFactory.java:295)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefaultSingletonBeanRegistry.getSingleton(DefaultSingletonBeanRegistry.java:223)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractBeanFactory.doGetBean(AbstractBeanFactory.java:292)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractBeanFactory.getBean(AbstractBeanFactory.java:194)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefaultListableBeanFactory.preInstantiateSingletons(DefaultListableBeanFactory.java:628)
	at org.springframework.context.support.AbstractApplicationContext.finishBeanFactoryInitialization(AbstractApplicationContext.java:932)
	at org.springframework.context.support.AbstractApplicationContext.refresh(AbstractApplicationContext.java:479)
	at org.springframework.test.context.support.AbstractGenericContextLoader.loadContext(AbstractGenericContextLoader.java:120)
	at org.springframework.test.context.support.AbstractGenericContextLoader.loadContext(AbstractGenericContextLoader.java:60)
	at org.springframework.test.context.support.AbstractDelegatingSmartContextLoader.delegateLoading(AbstractDelegatingSmartContextLoader.java:100)
	at org.springframework.test.context.support.AbstractDelegatingSmartContextLoader.loadContext(AbstractDelegatingSmartContextLoader.java:248)
	at org.springframework.test.context.CacheAwareContextLoaderDelegate.loadContextInternal(CacheAwareContextLoaderDelegate.java:64)
	at org.springframework.test.context.CacheAwareContextLoaderDelegate.loadContext(CacheAwareContextLoaderDelegate.java:91)
	at org.springframework.test.context.TestContext.getApplicationContext(TestContext.java:122)
	at org.springframework.test.context.web.ServletTestExecutionListener.setUpRequestContextIfNecessary(ServletTestExecutionListener.java:105)
	at org.springframework.test.context.web.ServletTestExecutionListener.prepareTestInstance(ServletTestExecutionListener.java:74)
	at org.springframework.test.context.TestContextManager.prepareTestInstance(TestContextManager.java:312)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.createTest(SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.java:211)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.SpringJUnit4ClassRunner$1.runReflectiveCall(SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.methodBlock(SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.java:284)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.java:231)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.java:88)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.statements.RunBeforeTestClassCallbacks.evaluate(RunBeforeTestClassCallbacks.java:61)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.statements.RunAfterTestClassCallbacks.evaluate(RunAfterTestClassCallbacks.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.run(SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.java:174)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.execute(JUnit4Provider.java:252)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.executeTestSet(JUnit4Provider.java:141)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.invoke(JUnit4Provider.java:112)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:606)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.util.ReflectionUtils.invokeMethodWithArray(ReflectionUtils.java:189)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory$ProviderProxy.invoke(ProviderFactory.java:165)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory.invokeProvider(ProviderFactory.java:85)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ForkedBooter.runSuitesInProcess(ForkedBooter.java:115)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ForkedBooter.main(ForkedBooter.java:75)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:46,524][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:58:49,497][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor12.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:59:16,532][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:59:19,773][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor12.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:59:46,522][org.hibernate.engine.jdbc.spi.SqlExceptionHelper]wait millis 60000, active 0
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:59:46,570][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 13:59:49,782][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor12.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 14:00:16,586][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 14:00:19,772][org.hibernate.tool.hbm2ddl.SchemaUpdate]HHH000319: Could not get database metadata
com.alibaba.druid.pool.GetConnectionTimeoutException: wait millis 60000, active 0
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource.getConnectionInternal(DruidDataSource.java:1071)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource.getConnectionDirect(DruidDataSource.java:898)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.dataSource_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:4534)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.dataSource_getConnection(StatFilter.java:661)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.dataSource_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:4530)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource.getConnection(DruidDataSource.java:880)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource.getConnection(DruidDataSource.java:872)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource.getConnection(DruidDataSource.java:97)
	at org.hibernate.service.jdbc.connections.internal.DatasourceConnectionProviderImpl.getConnection(DatasourceConnectionProviderImpl.java:141)
	at org.hibernate.tool.hbm2ddl.SuppliedConnectionProviderConnectionHelper.prepare(SuppliedConnectionProviderConnectionHelper.java:51)
	at org.hibernate.tool.hbm2ddl.SchemaUpdate.execute(SchemaUpdate.java:194)
	at org.hibernate.tool.hbm2ddl.SchemaUpdate.execute(SchemaUpdate.java:178)
	at org.hibernate.internal.SessionFactoryImpl.<init>(SessionFactoryImpl.java:506)
	at org.hibernate.cfg.Configuration.buildSessionFactory(Configuration.java:1790)
	at org.hibernate.cfg.Configuration.buildSessionFactory(Configuration.java:1861)
	at org.springframework.orm.hibernate4.LocalSessionFactoryBuilder.buildSessionFactory(LocalSessionFactoryBuilder.java:247)
	at org.springframework.orm.hibernate4.LocalSessionFactoryBean.buildSessionFactory(LocalSessionFactoryBean.java:373)
	at org.springframework.orm.hibernate4.LocalSessionFactoryBean.afterPropertiesSet(LocalSessionFactoryBean.java:358)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.invokeInitMethods(AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.java:1541)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.initializeBean(AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.java:1479)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.doCreateBean(AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.java:521)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.createBean(AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.java:458)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractBeanFactory$1.getObject(AbstractBeanFactory.java:295)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefaultSingletonBeanRegistry.getSingleton(DefaultSingletonBeanRegistry.java:223)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractBeanFactory.doGetBean(AbstractBeanFactory.java:292)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractBeanFactory.getBean(AbstractBeanFactory.java:194)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefaultListableBeanFactory.findAutowireCandidates(DefaultListableBeanFactory.java:912)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefaultListableBeanFactory.doResolveDependency(DefaultListableBeanFactory.java:855)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefaultListableBeanFactory.resolveDependency(DefaultListableBeanFactory.java:770)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessor$AutowiredFieldElement.inject(AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessor.java:486)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectionMetadata.inject(InjectionMetadata.java:87)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessor.postProcessPropertyValues(AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessor.java:285)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.populateBean(AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.java:1116)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.doCreateBean(AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.java:519)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.createBean(AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.java:458)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractBeanFactory$1.getObject(AbstractBeanFactory.java:295)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefaultSingletonBeanRegistry.getSingleton(DefaultSingletonBeanRegistry.java:223)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractBeanFactory.doGetBean(AbstractBeanFactory.java:292)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractBeanFactory.getBean(AbstractBeanFactory.java:194)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefaultListableBeanFactory.preInstantiateSingletons(DefaultListableBeanFactory.java:628)
	at org.springframework.context.support.AbstractApplicationContext.finishBeanFactoryInitialization(AbstractApplicationContext.java:932)
	at org.springframework.context.support.AbstractApplicationContext.refresh(AbstractApplicationContext.java:479)
	at org.springframework.test.context.support.AbstractGenericContextLoader.loadContext(AbstractGenericContextLoader.java:120)
	at org.springframework.test.context.support.AbstractGenericContextLoader.loadContext(AbstractGenericContextLoader.java:60)
	at org.springframework.test.context.support.AbstractDelegatingSmartContextLoader.delegateLoading(AbstractDelegatingSmartContextLoader.java:100)
	at org.springframework.test.context.support.AbstractDelegatingSmartContextLoader.loadContext(AbstractDelegatingSmartContextLoader.java:248)
	at org.springframework.test.context.CacheAwareContextLoaderDelegate.loadContextInternal(CacheAwareContextLoaderDelegate.java:64)
	at org.springframework.test.context.CacheAwareContextLoaderDelegate.loadContext(CacheAwareContextLoaderDelegate.java:91)
	at org.springframework.test.context.TestContext.getApplicationContext(TestContext.java:122)
	at org.springframework.test.context.web.ServletTestExecutionListener.setUpRequestContextIfNecessary(ServletTestExecutionListener.java:105)
	at org.springframework.test.context.web.ServletTestExecutionListener.prepareTestInstance(ServletTestExecutionListener.java:74)
	at org.springframework.test.context.TestContextManager.prepareTestInstance(TestContextManager.java:312)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.createTest(SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.java:211)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.SpringJUnit4ClassRunner$1.runReflectiveCall(SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.methodBlock(SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.java:284)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.java:231)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.java:88)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.statements.RunBeforeTestClassCallbacks.evaluate(RunBeforeTestClassCallbacks.java:61)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.statements.RunAfterTestClassCallbacks.evaluate(RunAfterTestClassCallbacks.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.run(SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.java:174)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.execute(JUnit4Provider.java:252)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.executeTestSet(JUnit4Provider.java:141)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.invoke(JUnit4Provider.java:112)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:606)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.util.ReflectionUtils.invokeMethodWithArray(ReflectionUtils.java:189)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory$ProviderProxy.invoke(ProviderFactory.java:165)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory.invokeProvider(ProviderFactory.java:85)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ForkedBooter.runSuitesInProcess(ForkedBooter.java:115)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ForkedBooter.main(ForkedBooter.java:75)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 14:00:19,774][org.hibernate.tool.hbm2ddl.SchemaUpdate]HHH000299: Could not complete schema update
com.alibaba.druid.pool.GetConnectionTimeoutException: wait millis 60000, active 0
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource.getConnectionInternal(DruidDataSource.java:1071)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource.getConnectionDirect(DruidDataSource.java:898)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.dataSource_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:4534)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.dataSource_getConnection(StatFilter.java:661)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.dataSource_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:4530)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource.getConnection(DruidDataSource.java:880)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource.getConnection(DruidDataSource.java:872)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource.getConnection(DruidDataSource.java:97)
	at org.hibernate.service.jdbc.connections.internal.DatasourceConnectionProviderImpl.getConnection(DatasourceConnectionProviderImpl.java:141)
	at org.hibernate.tool.hbm2ddl.SuppliedConnectionProviderConnectionHelper.prepare(SuppliedConnectionProviderConnectionHelper.java:51)
	at org.hibernate.tool.hbm2ddl.SchemaUpdate.execute(SchemaUpdate.java:194)
	at org.hibernate.tool.hbm2ddl.SchemaUpdate.execute(SchemaUpdate.java:178)
	at org.hibernate.internal.SessionFactoryImpl.<init>(SessionFactoryImpl.java:506)
	at org.hibernate.cfg.Configuration.buildSessionFactory(Configuration.java:1790)
	at org.hibernate.cfg.Configuration.buildSessionFactory(Configuration.java:1861)
	at org.springframework.orm.hibernate4.LocalSessionFactoryBuilder.buildSessionFactory(LocalSessionFactoryBuilder.java:247)
	at org.springframework.orm.hibernate4.LocalSessionFactoryBean.buildSessionFactory(LocalSessionFactoryBean.java:373)
	at org.springframework.orm.hibernate4.LocalSessionFactoryBean.afterPropertiesSet(LocalSessionFactoryBean.java:358)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.invokeInitMethods(AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.java:1541)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.initializeBean(AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.java:1479)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.doCreateBean(AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.java:521)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.createBean(AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.java:458)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractBeanFactory$1.getObject(AbstractBeanFactory.java:295)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefaultSingletonBeanRegistry.getSingleton(DefaultSingletonBeanRegistry.java:223)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractBeanFactory.doGetBean(AbstractBeanFactory.java:292)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractBeanFactory.getBean(AbstractBeanFactory.java:194)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefaultListableBeanFactory.findAutowireCandidates(DefaultListableBeanFactory.java:912)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefaultListableBeanFactory.doResolveDependency(DefaultListableBeanFactory.java:855)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefaultListableBeanFactory.resolveDependency(DefaultListableBeanFactory.java:770)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessor$AutowiredFieldElement.inject(AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessor.java:486)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectionMetadata.inject(InjectionMetadata.java:87)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessor.postProcessPropertyValues(AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessor.java:285)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.populateBean(AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.java:1116)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.doCreateBean(AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.java:519)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.createBean(AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.java:458)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractBeanFactory$1.getObject(AbstractBeanFactory.java:295)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefaultSingletonBeanRegistry.getSingleton(DefaultSingletonBeanRegistry.java:223)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractBeanFactory.doGetBean(AbstractBeanFactory.java:292)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractBeanFactory.getBean(AbstractBeanFactory.java:194)
	at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefaultListableBeanFactory.preInstantiateSingletons(DefaultListableBeanFactory.java:628)
	at org.springframework.context.support.AbstractApplicationContext.finishBeanFactoryInitialization(AbstractApplicationContext.java:932)
	at org.springframework.context.support.AbstractApplicationContext.refresh(AbstractApplicationContext.java:479)
	at org.springframework.test.context.support.AbstractGenericContextLoader.loadContext(AbstractGenericContextLoader.java:120)
	at org.springframework.test.context.support.AbstractGenericContextLoader.loadContext(AbstractGenericContextLoader.java:60)
	at org.springframework.test.context.support.AbstractDelegatingSmartContextLoader.delegateLoading(AbstractDelegatingSmartContextLoader.java:100)
	at org.springframework.test.context.support.AbstractDelegatingSmartContextLoader.loadContext(AbstractDelegatingSmartContextLoader.java:248)
	at org.springframework.test.context.CacheAwareContextLoaderDelegate.loadContextInternal(CacheAwareContextLoaderDelegate.java:64)
	at org.springframework.test.context.CacheAwareContextLoaderDelegate.loadContext(CacheAwareContextLoaderDelegate.java:91)
	at org.springframework.test.context.TestContext.getApplicationContext(TestContext.java:122)
	at org.springframework.test.context.web.ServletTestExecutionListener.setUpRequestContextIfNecessary(ServletTestExecutionListener.java:105)
	at org.springframework.test.context.web.ServletTestExecutionListener.prepareTestInstance(ServletTestExecutionListener.java:74)
	at org.springframework.test.context.TestContextManager.prepareTestInstance(TestContextManager.java:312)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.createTest(SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.java:211)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.SpringJUnit4ClassRunner$1.runReflectiveCall(SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.java:288)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.methodBlock(SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.java:284)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.java:231)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.java:88)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.statements.RunBeforeTestClassCallbacks.evaluate(RunBeforeTestClassCallbacks.java:61)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.statements.RunAfterTestClassCallbacks.evaluate(RunAfterTestClassCallbacks.java:71)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.run(SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.java:174)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.execute(JUnit4Provider.java:252)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.executeTestSet(JUnit4Provider.java:141)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.junit4.JUnit4Provider.invoke(JUnit4Provider.java:112)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:57)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:606)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.util.ReflectionUtils.invokeMethodWithArray(ReflectionUtils.java:189)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory$ProviderProxy.invoke(ProviderFactory.java:165)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ProviderFactory.invokeProvider(ProviderFactory.java:85)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ForkedBooter.runSuitesInProcess(ForkedBooter.java:115)
	at org.apache.maven.surefire.booter.ForkedBooter.main(ForkedBooter.java:75)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 14:00:20,122][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor12.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 14:00:46,568][org.hibernate.engine.jdbc.spi.SqlExceptionHelper]wait millis 60000, active 0
[ERROR][2017-03-07 14:00:46,597][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 14:00:50,131][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor12.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 14:01:16,605][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 14:01:20,119][org.hibernate.engine.jdbc.spi.SqlExceptionHelper]wait millis 60000, active 0
[ERROR][2017-03-07 14:01:20,196][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor12.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 14:01:46,592][org.hibernate.engine.jdbc.spi.SqlExceptionHelper]wait millis 60001, active 0
[ERROR][2017-03-07 14:01:46,609][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 14:01:50,206][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor12.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 14:02:16,619][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
java.sql.SQLException: Access denied for user 'sshe'@'localhost' (using password: YES)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1078)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 14:02:20,189][org.hibernate.engine.jdbc.spi.SqlExceptionHelper]wait millis 60000, active 0
[ERROR][2017-03-07 14:02:20,210][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor12.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 14:02:46,595][org.hibernate.engine.jdbc.spi.SqlExceptionHelper]wait millis 60000, active 0
[ERROR][2017-03-07 14:02:50,220][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor12.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 14:03:20,200][org.hibernate.engine.jdbc.spi.SqlExceptionHelper]wait millis 60000, active 0
[ERROR][2017-03-07 14:03:20,225][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor12.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 14:03:50,231][com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource]create connection error
com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown database 'jun_sshe'
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor12.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstance(Util.java:386)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:1054)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4190)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:4122)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacket(MysqlIO.java:927)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.proceedHandshakeWithPluggableAuthentication(MysqlIO.java:1709)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.doHandshake(MysqlIO.java:1252)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.coreConnect(ConnectionImpl.java:2486)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.connectOneTryOnly(ConnectionImpl.java:2519)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIO(ConnectionImpl.java:2304)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.<init>(ConnectionImpl.java:834)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.<init>(JDBC4Connection.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor8.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:526)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstance(Util.java:411)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstance(ConnectionImpl.java:416)
	at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connect(NonRegisteringDriver.java:346)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:146)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.stat.StatFilter.connection_connect(StatFilter.java:211)
	at com.alibaba.druid.filter.FilterChainImpl.connection_connect(FilterChainImpl.java:140)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1355)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidAbstractDataSource.createPhysicalConnection(DruidAbstractDataSource.java:1409)
	at com.alibaba.druid.pool.DruidDataSource$CreateConnectionThread.run(DruidDataSource.java:1649)
[ERROR][2017-03-07 14:04:20,203][org.hibernate.engine.jdbc.spi.SqlExceptionHelper]wait millis 60000, active 0
